surname your phisher chinese russian
military departments announced began in
thursday joint military exercises
successful projects but they stated that
future will be held yet
similar events now operations then
title peace mission 2009 is being held
in the Far Eastern city of Khabarovsk and
at the training base in the Schengen military
military district in northeast china
ranks on both sides argue that
doctrines as well as political
importance value
military cooperation opk
centuries earlier
kevin share park service industry gathered
together to fight terrorism Vaska
China Russia will work peaceful
mission 2009
captain training system introduction
apple plainly in turn boss
General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces General
Nikolay Makarov arrived by observers
Chen Binde Chief of Staff
China's Liberation Army says
that the political significance of the teachings can
to be greater than military significance
help for the most part attract
Russian Far Eastern
to the military district
shenyang military district many others
in the CSKA during the army exercises
implemented agreement reached by the heads
three states
we strengthened friendly
cooperative relationship and
joint development after not
only demonstrated
military force but it served the cause
deterrence against terrorism communication
experts did not watch separatism in church
is first deputy
Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the USSR
and get a prize of tasks you can achieve
teachers today's exercises were successful
and although impressed with the Chinese pilots
skydivers of decades
continued cooperation
that is, the maneuvers showed
anti-terrorism mood of the two countries
more than two thousand servicemen the army was with
two parties took part in an operation in
the framework of the work of shanghai
cooperation organizations
which also includes
some other middle states
Asia training is emphasized
directed terrorism they are on
which third party
similar grippers but also on the spot was started at
2005 then in Russia were held the first
Sino-Russian military exercises
2007 th place has been expanded to
Shanghai organization
cooperation troops and military
appliances this time were reduced however
military analysts say the current one
mission which involved
serious troops and guns represents
a higher level
coordinating the two armies are quite similar
on snp500 0 2
rise indicators